‪[Jonasi] ‪Where are you going?
‪Can I just talk to you?
‪[Joyce] ‪You're sleeping
‪with your daughter. Jonasi!
‪-Your daughter! What's wrong with you?
‪-Joyce. it's not what you're thinking.
‪-Joyce! Let's talk. What are you doing?
‪-[shushes] I don't want to talk.
‪-Leave my clothes.
‪-I said leave!
‪-What are you doing?
‪-I have nothing to talk about!
‪-I want us to talk.
‪-Talk about what? What do you have to say?
‪-I want to explain.
‪-Talk about what?
‪-Calm down.
‪-I don't want to talk to you!
‪-[Mpume] Let her go!
‪-Calm down.
‪-Hey. hey. hey! You stay out of this!
‪-[Mpume screams]
‪-What are you doing to the child?
‪-Why are you getting involved?
‪-Do you see what you've made me do?
‪-Now you're hitting the child?
‪-Hey. hey. hey.
‪-Leave me alone!
‪-Leave me!
‪-Let go of my mother. you bastard!
‪-Menzi. Menzi.
‪-Who do you think you're you pushing?
‪You think you're a man now?
‪You've got balls?
‪-[Joyce] Jonasi.
‪-I'm asking. do you have balls now. huh?
‪-[Mpume] Mom. Mom.
‪-[Joyce] Leave him alone.
‪-You're a grown man now?
‪-[Mpume] Mom. Mom.
‪-You see. the both of you…
‪-[belt unbuckles]
‪-…you haven't been disciplined.
‪-[Joyce] Talk to the kids. Don't hit them.
‪-Your mother spoiled you.
‪-What are you doing?
‪-[Mpume] Mom.
‪-I'll discipline you.
‪-I'll start with you.
‪-[Joyce] No!
‪-Dad. what are you doing?
‪-What are you doing?
‪-[Joyce] Menzi!
‪-[Mpume whimpers]
‪[Jonasi] Look at this boy.
‪What are you doing?
‪-Menzi!
‪-[Mpume screams] You're hurting him!
‪What are you doing?
‪You think you can take me on?
‪[distorted screaming] No! Stop it.
‪-Stop it!
‪-[Mpume] Leave him alone! Dad!
‪[all clamoring]
‪-[Menzi screams]
‪-[Mpume] No! Dad!
‪-Don't hit me again!
‪-No! Dad!
‪-[knocking on door]
‪-[officer 1] Police!
‪-[sirens wailing]
‪-[officer 2] It's the police.
‪[officer 1] It's the police. Open!
‪[panting] You called the cops on me?
‪Joyce. you called the cops on me?
‪-Come.
‪-[Lindani] Mom!
‪-What's going on? What?
‪-There she is! That wicked woman.
‪-Huh?
‪-Do you see what you've done to my child?
‪-Look! Look!
‪-[Joyce] Yes. I hit her.
‪-Look what you've done. What's this. huh?
‪-[Jonasi] My goodness!
‪-And I'll do it again.
‪-Joyce. Joyce. Joyce. Joyce.
‪-I'll do it again. I'll do it again!
‪-[Mpume] Mom! Mom!
‪-You disrespectful little brat!
‪-You see? Please arrest her.
‪You brought the police into my house.
‪Are you insane?
‪Did she tell you what she did?
‪Did you tell your mother?
‪That you opened your legs.
‪-No. Joyce.
‪-I found her naked
‪-in the bathtub with my husband!
‪-Joyce.
‪-[Sis Dolly] What?
‪-[Joyce] You're disgusting.
‪You're busy spreading your legs open…
‪-No.
‪-…with your own best friend's father?
‪Joyce. my daughter. she's been visiting
‪your home since she was eight. man!
‪[Joyce] Exactly!
‪And all this time. I've been
‪treating you like my own daughter.
‪[Sis Dolly] Oh. wow.
‪So this means you allow your husband
‪to rape your daughter? You evil witch!
‪-[Jonasi] Whoa! What are you saying?
‪-You're disgusting!
‪-I didn't rape anyone here.
‪-Mom. he didn't rape me. We're in love.
‪-Hey! Fuck off and shut up!
‪-I'll kick your ass!
‪-Who do you think you're in love with?
‪-Let's go.
‪Arrest this witch of a woman!
‪-[Sis Dolly] Arrest her! Send her to jail!
‪-[Mpume] You're hurting her.
‪-[Jonasi] I'll fix this. Joyce.
‪-Hey!
‪[officer] Hurry up.
‪-You're hurting her!
‪-Hey. shut up.
‪-Lock her up and throw the key away.
‪-Move it.
‪-Fuck out of my face.
‪-Move.
‪-Goodness!
‪-[Jonasi] Don't fight the police.
‪-I'll fix all of this.
‪-Piss off! Piss off!
‪-My goodness!
‪-I'll fix this.
‪-[Mpume] You bastard!
‪-She messed with the wrong one.
‪-She's getting arrested.
‪-[dialing]
‪You! Your turn is coming. you evil man.
‪You're Satan!
‪You. go. Go!
‪Lock her up!
‪-[siren wailing]
‪-[groaning]
‪[Matipa]
‪Is this the whore who gave me gonorrhea?
‪[breathing heavily]
‪[dog barking in distance]
‪[melancholy music playing]
‪[sighs]
‪[sniffling]
‪[snipping]
‪[sobbing]
‪-[photos ripping]
‪-[sniffles]
‪[breathing shakily]
‪[dramatic music playing]
‪[music stops]
‪[Magesh]
‪What's this nonsense you're doing?
‪-That's a child.
‪-[scoffs]
‪-Your daughter's best friend.
‪-Hey. Mpume. stop it.
‪So you came all the way here
‪to give me a sermon?
‪-You fucked up and you know it. right?
‪-Excuse me?
‪We're here to work. Brother. Hmm?
‪We're running a business.
‪You cannot be running
‪business as usual.
‪People out here think I encourage and
‪protect all this nonsense you're doing.
‪-Can't you draw the line?
‪-Hey. piss off. man!
‪[elevator dings]
‪Do you want to work here
‪or do you want to leave?
‪Make your decision.
‪-[Buhle] Matipa. wait.
‪-[door opens]
‪I'll show you who I am
‪if you dare touch me.
‪Don't touch me. I'm warning you.
‪You.
‪You think you can ignore me
‪until I go away. after the shit you did?
‪You're sleeping with kids. Jonasi?
‪Is that what you're doing now?
‪Call security.
‪[scoffs] Is that for me. the security?
‪I need you to calm down
‪so we can sit and talk properly.
‪[Matipa] Call your security. If they dare
‪touch me. Jonasi. see what happens next.
‪[guard clears throat]
‪What's with you? What?
‪[scoffing] Oh. [chuckles]
‪[clicks tongue] I'm leaving.
‪Not because of you. but because I want to.
‪I don't know why the hell you're
‪staring at me like that. [clicks tongue]
‪[siren wailing]
‪-[Grace] Joyce.
‪-Mmm?
‪When we get home. I'll run you
‪a hot bath. my child. with course salt
‪so you can relax.
‪-I feel so filthy.
‪-No. no.
‪-I just…
‪-Stop stressing.
‪I'm sure the tests results
‪are going to say you're okay.
‪-[doctor] I am sorry. ladies.
‪-[door opens. closes]
‪I wish that I had come
‪bearing better news for you.
‪But unfortunately
‪you've tested positive for an STI.
‪You'll take these two pills.
‪three times a day.
‪Then you'll take one of these.
‪twice a day for seven days.
‪And please. abstain from sexual activities
‪while you're on treatment.
‪[chuckles] I also hope that. um.
‪Mr. Gomora is also getting treatment.
‪Are we done?
‪[knocking on door]
‪Hello. Mpume. How are you?
‪[exhales] I came to find out
‪what happened?
‪So it's true.
‪what they're saying about Lindani?
‪You know what happened. Sarah.
‪so don't play dumb.
‪Tell me. what are you doing here?
‪I came to check on you. Mpume. Wow.
‪You and Lindani
‪were very close. so--
‪Just like you and I. We were close.
‪Till you went ahead
‪and threw yourself at my boyfriend.
‪Do you remember that?
‪It was a cry for help. okay?
‪Sarah. go fuck off and cry some more.
‪Ugh. Disgusting.
‪[door slams]
‪-[pensive music playing]
‪-[inhales deeply]
‪[dialing]
‪Hey. [sniffles]
‪Yeah. I'm okay. Um…
‪I was just checking if you're busy?
‪Can we meet?
‪Yeah. Okay.
‪[phone beeps]
‪I didn't know that you like golf.
‪Dad's always on the course.
‪So I thought.
‪maybe I should learn how to play
‪so we could play together.
‪[Magesh] Oh. yeah?
‪But honestly. I've never played with him.
‪[golfers chattering]
‪But some people say it's a great way
‪to. um. blow off some steam.
‪[Magesh] Oh. okay.
‪-[Sarah grunts]
‪-Hey! What's wrong. girl?
‪[stammering] Sarah. don't--
‪[breathing heavily]
‪-[screams]
‪-Sarah.
‪-[whimpering]
‪-[stammers] Sarah.
‪-[screams]
‪-Sarah!
‪[sobbing. gasping]
‪I'm sorry. my baby. I'm sorry. my child.
‪Come here. Come here. I'm sorry.
‪-[sniffling. sobbing]
‪-I'm sorry. my child.
‪I'm so sorry.
‪[exhales]
‪[sighs]
‪[door opens]
‪-[Joyce] Oh.
‪-[door closes]
‪Hey.
‪[grunts] Don't start. Do you hear me?
‪I don't have time for you.
‪[stammers] Don't start.
‪Don't start with your shenanigans.
‪You haven't even cooked.
‪-Don't you cook in this house?
‪-[fridge door closes]
‪Why didn't you cook?
‪Listen here. Joyce.
‪And listen to me carefully. okay?
‪I want you to listen.
‪What's this?
‪[ominous music playing]
‪[Jonasi] I asked you a question.
‪What is this?
‪Don't shout.
‪-I'm not shouting.
‪-Don't shout at me.
‪I asked you a question.
‪What are you trying to do?
‪Why did you do this?
‪What do you want from me?
‪What's the meaning of this?
‪Why did you cut up our family photos?
‪I'm the one who cut those pictures.
‪[chuckles] Would you like to know
‪why I did that?
‪-Because I hate you.
‪-[Joyce exhales]
‪You hate me?
‪What's he doing here?
‪-What are you doing here?
‪-Wow.
‪Listen here. my boy.
‪The crap you're asking me.
‪you should ask me when
‪you have your own house. Understood?
‪Move out of my way.
‪-[Mpume] That's what he's good at.
‪-You. You should discipline your children.
‪-[chuckles]
‪-Understood?
‪Talk to your children.
‪[Menzi] Fuck it. I've had enough of this.
‪[footsteps departing]
‪-There's no need at all…
‪-Wow.
‪…for you to get into bed.
‪Ntombi prepared the guest room.
‪Oh. wow.
‪Guest room?
‪This is my house. Joyce.
‪I'm not a guest.
‪[sighs. grunts]
‪[sighs]
‪What did I ever do to you?
‪To deserve such hate from you?
‪[inhales]
‪Despite all I've done. especially for you.
‪-I still love you.
‪-Love shouldn't humiliate.
‪Love shouldn't hurt. Jonasi.
‪[sighs] Here we go.
‪And all this time I've been
‪deluding myself. hoping that you and I…
‪We could somehow get back
‪to the way we used to be.
‪But I see that's not going to happen.
‪I want a divorce.
‪[chuckles] That's not happening.
‪You've depleted
‪the love I once had for you.
‪-[Jonasi] Mmm.
‪-There's nothing left between you and I.
‪It's over. I've had enough.
‪The only way I'll be leaving
‪is the day when they put me
‪in a coffin and bury me.
‪That's when you will get rid of me.
‪-[dramatic music playing]
‪-[fire crackling]
‪-[footsteps approaching]
‪-[Joyce] Greetings.
‪You know. Mom. I don't know
‪if my eyes are deceiving me.
‪but I think I see Jonasi over there.
‪[Menzi] What the hell
‪is he still doing here?
‪He refused to leave.
‪What was I supposed to do?
‪He refused?
‪What's so hard about calling the police?
‪-Get a protection order.
‪-Hold on. Menzi.
‪Don't speak to me like that. Goodness.
‪That man is a dog. You can't change that.
‪Things are going to be
‪different this time.
‪-How. Mom?
‪-[clicks tongue]
‪-[Joyce] Menzi.
‪-[Menzi] No. Mom.
‪Exactly how. Mom?
‪Mpume. [stammers]
‪Oh. well. it's all up to you now.
‪[Joyce] My gosh.
‪Joyce.
‪Can you see this marriage
‪is going to kill you?
‪You gave up your career.
‪Now you're going to lose your kids.
‪My god. Mom. please stop.
‪Why are you tiptoeing around him. Joyce?
‪-What do you want from him?
‪-[grunts]
‪[pensive music playing]
‪[exhales]
‪-[Matipa] ‪Life has put us through hell.
‪-[Joyce scoffs]
‪An STD. though. Matipa?
‪STD.
‪[sighs] I'm such a fool.
‪Yeah. that makes the two of us.
‪As we're speaking. he's at home. lounging.
‪-Lounging…
‪-[sighs]
‪…without any care.
‪like he's done nothing wrong.
‪You now. I pray to God that he
‪doesn't even try to muster the courage
‪with that ego of his
‪to show up at my house
‪because I will honestly pour
‪boiling water over him.
‪He'll show up.
‪He's also your husband. right?
‪Hmm?
‪You married him. [scoffs]
‪One thing that is evidently clear…
‪is that I'll never be enough for Jonasi.
‪I don't think anyone
‪can ever be enough for Jonasi.
‪[Joyce scoffs]
‪-[crickets chirping]
‪-[dog barking]
‪[knife chopping]
‪[suspenseful music playing]
‪[Jonasi] Wow.
‪[ominous music playing]
‪Mmm.
‪[chuckles] Mmm.
‪-Delicious. Mmm.
‪-[Joyce chuckles]
‪[Jonasi] Oh. wow.
‪Mmm.
‪[music continues]
‪[Jonasi sighs]
‪Mm-hmm.
‪Mmm.
‪This is what they mean when they say
‪a way to a man's heart
‪is through his stomach.
‪There we go. There we go.
‪[sighs] Mpume.
‪Baby. please wait.
‪Wow.
‪It's late now.
‪Can't you reconsider staying for a day?
‪-Mm-mmm. No. no.
‪-Two max.
‪[sighs]
‪You're disappointing me.
‪I'll be all right.
‪I'm staying at a friend's house.
‪From there. I head to Stellenbosch.
‪I know I've mentioned this before.
‪but I need you to hear me.
‪All right?
‪I'm going to fix this.
‪One way or the other.
‪Okay?
‪Trust me.
‪Please remember.
‪everything I'm doing
‪is for you and your brothers.
‪And…
‪I love you.
‪More than anything.
‪-Yeah?
‪-Mmm.
‪Okay.
‪I'll call you. okay?
‪-Okay.
‪-It's getting late. Mom.
‪[sniffles] I'll call you when I get there.
‪Okay.
‪Safe travels.
‪Bye. Mama.
‪[car beeps]
‪-[car door opens. closes]
‪-[engine starts]
‪[door opens]
‪What are you doing?
‪-[chuckles]
‪-Hmm?
‪-What are you doing? [chuckles]
‪-We're playing.
‪-Hey?
‪-[Joyce] You're playing?
‪-[chuckles] Yeah.
‪-I see.
‪-Mom. what are you doing?
‪-[Joyce] Oh. stop.
‪-I'm asking if you connected here?
‪-[Menzi] It's connected.
‪-Okay.
‪-[typing]
‪I want us to dance.
‪-Mm-hmm.
‪-[Menzi chuckles] Come on. No ways.
‪Remember how we used to dance
‪when we were young?
‪-[Menzi] Ah. Mom. [chuckles]
‪-Huh?
‪["Paradise Road" playing on speaker]
‪-[chuckling]
‪-No way. No. no. No way.
‪Come on. No. Don't be a bore.
‪-Get up. Come show me.
‪-Come on. Why?
‪Do you remember how we used to dance? Huh?
‪Remember when you were young?
‪-No. Mom.
‪-Do you remember?
‪["Paradise Road" continues. muffled]
‪[sighs]
‪[Joyce laughs]
‪Let's dance. boy!
‪-[chuckles] Let's dance!
‪-Come on. Mom.
‪[voicemail] ‪Hi. this is Essie.
‪-I can't take your call right now.
‪-[grunts]
‪-[line ringing]
‪[voicemail] ‪Hi. this is Lindani.
‪Please leave a message.
‪-[Joyce chuckling] Yes!
‪-[Menzi chuckling]
‪[all chuckling]
‪-[all chuckling]
‪-[Joyce] My boy!
‪[groans]
‪[retching]
‪[groaning]
‪["Paradise Road" continues]
‪[groans. echoes]
‪[Sis Ntombi screams. distorted]
‪-Wait. What was that?
‪-Uh-uh. No. no.
‪Don't pay attention to that.
‪It's probably the neighbors.
‪[singsongy] You know they love to fight.
‪-It's their thing. Don't mind them.
‪-[Menzi chuckles]
‪-Ma'am! Joyce!
‪-[groaning]
‪-Mpume!
‪-[splutters. coughs]
‪-Mr. Gomora! Mr. Gomora!
‪-[groans]
‪Ma'am. come!
‪-Sir. what's wrong? Oh. no!
‪-[groaning]
‪[Sis Ntombi wails]
‪["Paradise Road" continues]
‪[Nkazimulo laughing. distorted]
‪[laughter continues]
‪["Paradise Road" continues]